
Lab 8
=====

The objective in this lab is to complete the implementation of two perl
functions, buildStatusHash and addStatusFile, in file lab08.pl.

Skeleton versions of the functions are provided in that file, along with detailed
specifications on the functions and the files and data structures they are supposed
to process.

The absolute deadline for submission of this lab is 10:30am on Monday November 19th.


Infrastructure:
---------------
Other scripts must be able to 'require' your lab08.pl file so they
can call the two functions when needed.  As such:

  (i) your lab08.pl file must end with the following line:
      1;

  (ii) your lab08.pl file should not include anything other than
       the specified function implementations - i.e. if you are
       using any test cases, calls, etc. they MUST be done from
       other scripts.

  (iii) an example driver08.pl script is included, along with a couple
        of sample input files (stat1 and stat2) showing how to load and
        call your lab08 functions from another script.

        A sample run of the driver08.pl on a working lab08 should produce
        output as follows:

              Running on stat1, NoSuchFile, and stat2:
              Invalid file: NoSuchFile
              Invalid username # on line 1
              Missing data: line 3
              Invalid userstatus hasBadStatus on line 4
              Extra data ignored: line 5
              Invalid username nameistoolong on line 6
              Missing data: line 7
              resulting pairs:
              thelma: locked
              OkExtra: active
              freddie: deleted
              ImOKToo: locked
              daphne: temporary
              scooby: active
              shaggy: inactive
              ImOK: temporary


Testing/Grading
---------------
The lab testing/grading will be based only on your lab08.pl file, and will
be carried out by a script (somewhat like driver08.pl) that "requires" your
lab08.pl and assumes the file and your functions precisely follow the given
specifications.  If your file/functions do not follow these requirements
then they will likely do poorly in testing/grading.

