
Lab 9
-----

The objectives in this lab are to gain experience with the use of our own modules
and the use of perl's Test module, developing a test script to test a solution
to the buildStatusHash and addStatusFile functions from the previous lab.

In this lab your specific task is to write script lab09.pl, which should
use perl's Test::More to automate testing of the two functions from lab08.

A skeleton module has been given in module lab08.pm, and the lab09.pl script
has been set up to use that module.

I'd suggest developing your test cases and applying them to your lab08
solutions, but I'll also be running your lab09.pl tester on a variety of
my own implementations of the two functions, each of which may be defective
in different ways.

Note that to do your tests, you'll need to create a variety of files of
test data - please put these in a subdirectory named Tests in your repository,
and make sure they are also included in your add/commit/push of your solution.

Your lab09.pl may make use of extra files/scripts, but (again) make sure these
are also added/committed/pushed as part of your repository.

The grading for the lab will be based primarily on your effective and efficient
use of the Test::More module to automate testing and evaluation of a variety of
different types of potential problems - it is not intended as an exercise in simply
creating hundreds of similar/repetitive hard-coded test cases.  (Note that in
assignment 2 you'll be identifying/describing a more complete list of things that
would eventually need to be tested.)  For example, be sure your automated testing
covers some cases with missing files, some with invalid usernames, some with 
invalid status values, some with incomplete lines, some with extra data on lines,
etc.  It should be simple and safe for the tester to add new specific test cases and
expected results to your system, and the process to do that should be clearly
documented.

Some introductory notes and examples on using Test::More are available at
  csci.viu.ca/~wesselsd/courses/csci265/labs/perl/index.html

